README.md, before:

Iris
====

[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/SciTools/iris.png)](http://travis-ci.org/SciTools/iris)

(C) British Crown Copyright 2010 - 2014, Met Office

Iris is a powerful, easy to use, community-driven Python library for
analysing and visualising meteorological and oceanographic data sets.


Installation
------------

Provided all of the dependencies are satisfied, Iris can be installed
using the following command:

    python setup.py install

For more detailed instructions, including details of the dependencies,
please see INSTALL.


What's new
----------

A discussion of recent changes is given by the
"What's new" document:

- http://scitools.org.uk/iris/docs/latest/whatsnew/index.html

If you need complete detail, then please refer to the commit history of
the Iris project on GitHub:

- https://github.com/SciTools/iris


Documentation
-------------

The full documentation for Iris, including a user guide, example
code, and gallery, is online at:

- http://scitools.org.uk/iris/


Copyright and licence
---------------------

(C) British Crown Copyright 2010 - 2014, Met Office

This file is part of Iris.

Iris is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the
Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

Iris is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License
along with Iris.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

additional note on README.md

README.md, after:

Iris
====

[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/SciTools/iris.png)](http://travis-ci.org/SciTools/iris)

(C) British Crown Copyright 2010 - 2014, Met Office

Iris is a powerful, easy to use, community-driven Python library for
analysing and visualising meteorological and oceanographic data sets.

Note
----

This is a fork of the Iris project, which allow loading data from BPCH files
(Binary format related to GEOS-Chem: a 3D atmospheric chemistry model).

An additional Python package is required :

- PyGChem (<https://github.com/benbovy/iris>)
  

Installation
------------

Provided all of the dependencies are satisfied, Iris can be installed
using the following command:

    python setup.py install

For more detailed instructions, including details of the dependencies,
please see INSTALL.


What's new
----------

A discussion of recent changes is given by the
"What's new" document:

- http://scitools.org.uk/iris/docs/latest/whatsnew/index.html

If you need complete detail, then please refer to the commit history of
the Iris project on GitHub:

- https://github.com/SciTools/iris


Documentation
-------------

The full documentation for Iris, including a user guide, example
code, and gallery, is online at:

- http://scitools.org.uk/iris/


Copyright and licence
---------------------

(C) British Crown Copyright 2010 - 2014, Met Office

This file is part of Iris.

Iris is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the
Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

Iris is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License
along with Iris.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
